Introduction:

Experimentstationen: MIC (Matter in extreme conditions) in Amerika, HIBEF in Hamburg

Could also mention other diagnostic methods they used in other experiments. Say generally and keep short. In principle extend the sentences I already put in

Philipp is sending me introduction from Paul for paper that shows other experiments with WDM and x-rays. Can look in there for examples of other experiment on WDM

New section called XAFS:

Describe XAFS in more details

Put the example here

Fundamentals:

Keep name of section like it is in proposal

Main problem is that no optics, so everything must be in one object. Basically seperate the chapter into flat and bent. Then von hamos first
, then FSSR at extension of von hamos

Maybe can use example to combine with story, as in started with flat then developed more to use bent and so on.

Keep the emission part in the results part

Spectrometer Design:

relate the considerations to the XAFS example spectrum

KAP design was not part of the work, but for completeness is shown, since is relevant for the results

Move specs to after the spectrometer sections, where the specs are shown in relation to each other. Allows a comparison between all of them

Should mention in beginning of section that the specs are only at the end

Definitely move mechanical design to experimental setup

For the simulations and calculations should at least approximately describe

Experimental setup:

Start with general overview of setup

Then go into each part of the setup, starting with the spectrometers

In the spectrometer part, maybe less detail and put extra pictures in appendix

Put alignment procedures in appendix as well

Data analysis and results:

Should state what each quantity should say about the spectrometers

Important to say how the workflow of the code. How do I come from raw images to the different spectra. Just the methods, not details

describe the plasma emissions along with some example spectra

section with source spectra at beginning. Then can later introduce spectra with Alu and say was processed the same way

Can keep general performance in end



Discuss with Paul what the main takeaway from thesis should be. Make it more streamlined

Update the outline and send the philipp. Keep table of contents structure

